docs: add an example for nested `withSequence` (#12577)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/walk-through/loops.md

When writing workflows, it is often very useful to be able to iterate over a set of inputs, as this is how argo-workflows can perform loops.

There are three basic ways of running a template multiple times.

- `withItems` takes a list of things to work on. Either
    - plain, single values, which are then usable in your template as '{{item}}'
    - a JSON object where each element in the object can be addressed by it's key as '{{item.key}}'
- `withParam` takes a JSON array of items, and iterates over it - again the items can be objects like with `withItems`. This is very powerful, as you can generate the JSON in another step in your workflow, so creating a dynamic workflow.

> - `withSequence` take a Sequence, and convert it into a numeric sequence.

Reviewer: this is arguably simpler than `withItems`, so maybe we should move this to be the first of the three in this list and in the examples below.

Reviewer: also the definition you gave `withSequence` is currently recursive "Sequence [...] convert [...] sequence". it also has grammar and casing issues.

```suggestion
- `withSequence` iterates over a sequence of numbers.
```

- also simpler and more direct, per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language)

> ## `withItems` basic example

Reviewer: on line 15 below (GitHub won't let me comment on it, unfortunately), `withItems` would no longer be the simplest, so that line should be reworded.
k8s style guide also says to [avoid words that assume a level of understanding](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-words-that-assume-a-specific-level-of-understanding), so it shouldn't say "simplest" at all (nor "basic").

I'd remove the first sentence entirely and simplify the second one (which is not in [present tense](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-present-tense), [active voice](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-active-voice) etc)

Author: OK, I move it to first

Reviewer: This was about a different line, see follow-up comment: https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12577#discussion_r1498170713

When writing workflows, it is often very useful to be able to iterate over a set of inputs, as this is how argo-workflows can perform loops.

There are three basic ways of running a template multiple times.

- `withSequence` iterates over a sequence of numbers.
- `withItems` takes a list of things to work on. Either
    - plain, single values, which are then usable in your template as '{{item}}'
    - a JSON object where each element in the object can be addressed by it's key as '{{item.key}}'
- `withParam` takes a JSON array of items, and iterates over it - again the items can be objects like with `withItems`. This is very powerful, as you can generate the JSON in another step in your workflow, so creating a dynamic workflow.

## `withSequence` example

This runs a template multiple times using `withSequence`.

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Workflow
metadata:
  generateName: loop-sequence-
spec:
  entrypoint: loop-sequence-example

  templates:
  - name: loop-sequence-example
    steps:
    - - name: hello-world-x5
        template: hello-world
        withSequence:
          count: "5"

>   - name: run-pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - name: hello-world
```

the template name was renamed above (per my [previous comment](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12577#discussion_r1495375095)), so should be renamed here as well

    container:

>       image: argoproj/argosay:v2
>       command: ["sh", -c]
>       args: ["echo hello world!"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      image: docker/whalesay:latest
      command: [cowsay]
      args: ["hello world!"]
```

I mentioned using `whalesay` in my [previous comment](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12577#discussion_r1495373464) for consistency with the `withItems` example.

Also `argosay` prints things (it uses [`cowsay`](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/blob/a68ea0feabc87c09d5e13d12e6f0d1a61adc5b16/test/e2e/images/argosay/v1/Dockerfile#L17), so it doesn't need a `sh -c echo`.

```

## `withItems` basic example

> This example is the simplest. We are taking a basic list of items and iterating over it with `withItems`. It is limited to one varying field for each of the workflow templates instantiated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This iterates over a list of items with `withItems`, substituting a string for each instantiated template.
```

this line was what I mentioned in my [previous comment](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12577#discussion_r1495365093). it's no longer the "simplest example" and there are other changes that should be made here according to the style guide

      args: ["echo sleeping for {{inputs.parameters.seconds}} seconds; sleep {{inputs.parameters.seconds}}; echo done"]
```

> ## `withSequence` example

Reviewer: should probably make this the first example, per above comment

> This example run a simple template multiple times using `withSequence`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This runs a template multiple times using `withSequence`.
```

- avoid redundant words, simpler and more direct, per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language)
- avoid assuming a level with "simple", per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-words-that-assume-a-specific-level-of-understanding)

```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Workflow
metadata:
  generateName: loop-sequence-
spec:
  entrypoint: loop-sequence-example

  templates:
  - name: loop-sequence-example
    steps:

>     - - name: run-pod
>         template: run-pod

Reviewer: this should have more specific naming than `run-pod`. if the command is changed to print "hello world", then this should be "hello-world" or similar
```suggestion
    - - name: hello-world-x5
        template: hello-world
```

Reviewer: Follow-up comment: https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12577#discussion_r1498165392

        withSequence:
          count: "5"

  - name: run-pod
    container:
      image: argoproj/argosay:v2

>       args: [sleep, 1s]

Reviewer: this should probably do something other than sleep as an example. the output should confirm that the sequence is running. for instance have it print "hello world". can use `whalesay` like the `withItems` example

Reviewer: Follow-up to use `whalesay` for consistency: https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/12577#discussion_r1498185891
